[2.1] Robot camera calibration (restructure) (#28)
Intermodalics/pickit-docs: docs/documentation/cameras/single-pose-calibration.rst

.. _single-pose-calibration:

Single pose calibration
=======================

> Single pose calibration can only be carried out if the camera is not mounted on the robot flange,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single pose calibration can only be performed if the camera is not mounted on the robot flange,
```

Reviewer: Also, prefer mentioning the positive statement before the negative one.

but fixed at a static location instead. Furthermore, the robot needs to have either a **50 mm
(ISO 9409-1-50-4-M6)** or **31 mm (ISO 9409-1-31.5-4-M5)** wide flange.

> If that is not the case, proceed to the :ref:`multi-poses-calibration` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of the above requirements are not met, you should use :ref:`multi-poses-calibration` instead.
```

Mounting the calibration plate
-------------------------------

The advantage of only one pose required for robot camera calibration comes at the cost of Pickit

> needing to know how the calibration plate is mounted to the robot flange. Therefore, the plate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needing to know how the calibration plate is mounted with respect to the robot flange. Therefore, the plate
```

> should be mounted to the plate in one exact way. :ref:`installing-calibration-plate` describes the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should be mounted to the flange in a specific way. :ref:`installing-calibration-plate` describes the
```
